HDS-5192 Adds support for `aria-describedby` in `Reveal` component (#3084)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/tiny-kids-speak.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": patch
---

> `HDS::Reveal` - Added support for `aria-describedby` attribute on toggle.

Reviewer: [todo] you have to use the new format for the changelog entries: https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HDS/pages/3243114706/Changelog+authoring+best+practices#Component-formatting-for-npm-packages

> `HDS::Reveal` - Added support for `aria-describedby` attribute on toggle.

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- START components/reveal -->
`Reveal` - Added support for the `aria-describedby` attribute on the toggle.
<!-- END -->
```
